Add DNS over HTTPS cmdlets documentation (#4061)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2025-ps/DnsServer/Get-DnsServerEncryptionProtocol.md

---

> description: Use this topic to help manage Windows and Windows Server technologies with Windows PowerShell.

Author: Done

external help file: PS_DnsServerEncryptionProtocol_v1.0.0.cdxml-help.xml
Module Name: DnsServer
ms.date: 01/14/2026
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/dnsserver/get-dnsserverencryptionprotocol?view=windowsserver2025-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0
title: Get-DnsServerEncryptionProtocol
---

# Get-DnsServerEncryptionProtocol

## SYNOPSIS
Retrieves DNS server encryption protocol settings. This cmdlet is available on Windows Server 2025 or later.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-DnsServerEncryptionProtocol [-ComputerName <String>] [-PassThru <Boolean>] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>]
 [-ThrottleLimit <Int32>] [-AsJob] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The **Get-DnsServerEncryptionProtocol** cmdlet retrieves Domain Name System (DNS) server DNS over HTTPS (DoH) settings: **EnableDoh** and **UriTemplate**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Get-DnsServerEncryptionProtocol** cmdlet can be used to verify the current DoH configuration
on a DNS server. The cmdlet retrieves the current settings as an object with the properties
**EnableDoh** and **UriTemplate** to indicate whether DoH is enabled and the configured URI
templates for DNS queries over HTTPS.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The **Get-DnsServerEncryptionProtocol** cmdlet is available on Windows Server 2025 or
> later beginning with 2026-02 Security Update.
```

## EXAMPLES

> ### Example 1: Retrieve encryption settings from local DNS server

Reviewer: I couldn't do a code suggestion for this due to it having inline code so I committed a change to your branch. Please make sure to pull your branch before making any more edits.
